If you want a quick fight
Don't waste time with them
Come, come, be careful
want where
Ah!
Here you go.
Go, why don't you go?
There are killed chickens
Who are you? What a pity!
I thought it would be easier
Liao Fan heard
My father
It's because you duel life and death with despicable means
But it's true.
Who's your father?
The kimono knows my name
Dongying Laike
And I was involved in your father's death
Less garlic
I don't remember what I did.
I'm really not impressed
Besides, when I was digital at the frontier
Killed more enemies than ate
I will kill you countless times with a good sentence.
My father's name is Zhengdongying
I was attacked and killed by a nobody like you
What on earth are you talking about?
Who are you?
Are you surnamed Tianburen, killing and bullying others?
Don't act sorry
Let this guy see blood
Restore memory